# TP-Stats-Java-Library

## What is this?
This is a Java library that's essentially a shortcut to opening a connection to the socket which contains stats data. This library allows you to easily create Profile objects representing a user's profile and obtain stats from said profile.

## Usage
Clone the repository into a folder, add the .jar file to your build path, and run ProfileTest.java

## Documentation
Documentation is hosted on the [gh-pages branch](http://blaziken311.github.io/TP-Stats-Java-Library/). I haven't written all the try/catches, I'll just trust you to handle all the exceptions. :P

## Details
The Profile object (which represents a Tagpro user Profile) you must pass in an HttpRequest corresponding to that user's profile.

The HttpRequest constructor takes one parameter, the user's unique hash. So an example of building a profile would be:

```
Profile me = new Profile( HttpRequest( "5372be1edde54f6e091ebc42" ) );
```

You can then call the getter methods detailed in the documentation to get all the stats. For example.

```
int[] allArr = me.getAll();
```

## FAQ
(not that anyone's actually asking questions, but this is what I would ask)

### Q: Will this be updated often?
A: No.

### Q: Can I fork this?
A: I honestly am not even sure I know what that means 100%, but you probably can.

### Q: How exactly do I use this?
A: umm... pass?

### Q: What's the .idea folder, out folder, and .iml file?
A: Those are auto-generated by [IntelliJ Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/). You can just ignore those.
